[Reporting/Docs] Add section to troubleshooting guide to explain the StatusCodeError logs (#102278)
elastic/kibana: docs/user/reporting/reporting-troubleshooting.asciidoc

Whenever possible, a Reporting error message tries to be as self-explanatory as possible. Here are some error messages you might encounter,
along with the solution.

[float]
==== `StatusCodeError: [version_conflict_engine_exception]`

> If you are running multiple instances of Kibana in a cluster, they share the work of executing report jobs to evenly distribute

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are running multiple instances of {kib} in a cluster, the instances share the work of executing report jobs to evenly distribute
```

the work load. Each instance searches the reporting index for "pending" jobs that the user has requested. It is possible for
multiple instances to find the same job in these searches. Only the instance that successfully updated the job status to
"processing" will actually execute the report job. The other instances that unsuccessfully tried to make the same update will log
something similar to this:

> ```

Reviewer: Use formatting here so that code is in a black box.  See the section of this page called "Verbose logs" for an example.
